Update Delegate Probationary Status.md (#96)
thewca/wca-documents: documents/policies/internal/Delegate Probationary Status.md

</div>

## Policy

> Delegates who fail to do their duties may be placed on probation. This is an internal designation which only the individual Delegate, Regional Delegates, Senior Delegates, Board, WQAC, WCAT, and WFC would be aware of.

Author: ```suggestion
Delegates who fail to do their duties may be placed on probation. This is an internal designation which only the Delegate on probation, Regional Delegate, Senior Delegate, Board, and relevant committees and/or teams would be aware of.
```

- Recurring errors in incident calls
- Failure to report incidents that occurred at competitions

At the discretion of the Senior Delegate, Delegates on this type of probation shall be subject to restrictions, including, but not limited to, any or all of the following:

1. The Delegate may not be permitted to delegate competitions without another Delegate (or Candidate Delegate) present at the competition.
2. The Delegate may be restricted to competitions that have a lower competitor limit, set by the Senior Delegate.
3. The Delegate may be required to have the schedule approved by the WQAC and/or Senior Delegate before submitting competitions for announcement.

> 4. The Delegate may not announce any competitions until communication is re-establishsed and outstanding issues are resolved.

Author: ```suggestion
4. The Delegate may not have any competitions announced until communication is re-establishsed and outstanding issues are resolved.
```

> 4. The Delegate may not have any competitions announced until communication is re-establishsed and outstanding issues are resolved.

Author: ```suggestion
4. The Delegate may not have any competitions announced until communication is re-established and outstanding issues are resolved.
```
